hey guys what's up its ijevin how is
everybody doing I am back with more
minecraft we're in the tips and tricks
world so that can only mean one thing it
is glitched time alright guys so as
always this glitch um let's not turn it
I want to do times that day there we go
I may have blew up a couple times it's
all good though um for the the sake of
this video it must be raining toggle
downfall sorry about all this guy's for
the sake of this video we are going to
be doing this in creative mode I did
test it in survival once or twice I got
to work once the other time I blew up
that's what that's from so you're going
to need TNT you go and see a redstone
torch you're going to need a minecart
with the chest a rail and your item you
want to duplicate in our case a diamond
um I am NOT the original finder of this
I don't know who is if you guys do know
who is be sure to tell me who it is I
will link their channel or video down
below as that is the fair thing to do so
oh well okay minecraft windows media or
windows media player let's not troll me
bro all right anyway so to get started
you're just going to place your mine
rail down place your mind card down TNT
behind it and then place your diamond
inside of the chest and this might take
me a couple tries guys just to give you
a heads up so we're gonna ignite the TNT
wait till it's about to blow up then
shift-click it out first try look at
that boom suckas let's go over to the
chest over here and we're just going to
shift click both of these into the chest
and now we have two diamonds and then
just in case you're probably wondering
well jevon did you middle click guys if
you middle click it actually gives you
60 four of these so that is called
effort what's that called the pic block
I think I so if you pick block it's 64
that's what that does so she's click
that away so for this where does right
clicking left clicking we have two
diamonds and obviously you want to get
up to diamond block now I did tell I
guess I tested
creative and in survival and and works
in both I just got sick of the main
reason why this this video was done in
create it was because every time I
didn't get the glitch right I had to go
back into survival or back into creative
set the glitch up again and then
rerecord it and I was getting very
annoyed so basically what's going to
happen is the TNT is going to explode
your carts going to blow up your chef
clicking the diamond doubt but it's
going to duplicate that entity and it's
going to fall on the ground you'll pick
it up and you'll have two diamonds as
you can see not the best coach in the
world and I know you're like dude you're
doing this in survival you're gonna blow
up that's not true if you have iron
armor on you'll be fine trust me it's
okay and I'll i can actually prove that
iron armor won't blow you up we'll go to
game of 0 do I have any iron arm okay
let's not do that let's go game mode 1
and let's just do iron let's get rid of
some of this stuff and we'll just do a
brand new set of iron armor and will
stand right next to tnc that's how
confident I am that I will not blow up
there we go and let's switch back to
zero be a full health with full iron
armor there and we're gonna be standing
say the minecarts right there so we
would be standing in this area and you
will not die from this so I'm not
worried about the death part that's a
lot of people are like dude you're gonna
die from that no you won't die so that
is the latest diamond glitch guys I hope
that you guys enjoyed the video like I
said it's a little bit harder to do but
it is rewarding in the end for those of
you who like to do that I like to find
my diamonds legit so hey I just know am
i right you know i hope you guys enjoyed
don't forget to leave a rating below if
you did enjoy this is ijevin peace out